HDDS-4011. Update S3 related documentation. (#1245)
apache/hadoop-ozone: hadoop-hdds/docs/content/interface/S3.md

Ozone provides S3 compatible REST interface to use the object store data with any S3 compatible tools.

> S3 buckets are stored under the `/s3v`(Default is s3v, which can be setted through ozone.s3g.volume.name) volume.

Reviewer: I think we can improve wording here:

```suggestion
S3 buckets are stored under the `/s3v` volume.  The default name `s3v` can be changed by setting the `ozone.s3g.volume.name` config property in `ozone-site.xml`.
```
